At the nexus of industrial systems and planetary health, I engineer data-driven frameworks to accelerate the transition toward a circular economy. My doctoral research as a Bilsland Fellow at Purdue University operates at the confluence of process systems engineering, industrial ecology, and machine learning to develop solutions for systemic sustainability challenges. This work delivers novel methodologies for dynamic carbon accounting and the multi-objective optimization of circular industrial networks.

My technical toolkit includes hybrid surrogate modeling, economy-wide material flow analysis, techno-economic assessment, and reverse logistics optimization. These methods are applied to design industrial systems that simultaneously minimize environmental footprints and maximize economic viability. This research has produced over four peer-reviewed publications, numerous international conference presentations, and has been recognized by the American Institute of Chemical Engineers (AIChE).

My goal is to collaborate with forward-thinking teams to translate complex socio-technical challenges into robust, actionable strategies that forge a more resilient and sustainable industrial future. 

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.
